[Music]
it's time to wake up and smell the
coffee
[Music]
although the proverbial coffee doesn't
smell nearly as good as the real thing
alright enough of the cliches i'm
talking about harsh
truths that most of us don't want to
accept but
if you get these right life will go much
better
counting down from number 12 you'll have
to study
your whole life making it through school
and college was tough i know
all that reading cramming sleepless
nights ah
don't remind me well it ain't over
just because you got that diploma and
finally found a job
to be a really valuable expert in your
field you have to always be ready to
learn something new
and continue to beef up your
qualifications if you want that
promotion at work
you may have to sign up for some
professional courses
besides technology is advancing so fast
that your profession might disappear in
the nearest future
so you better have a plan b for what to
study next
just in case number 11
your problems don't mean a thing to your
employer
no one is going to treat you differently
at work just because you're taking care
of a sick relative
or you have three kids to work your
schedule around
everybody has their own problems and
personal situation
you're not unique in this sense the cool
truth is
that when you're employed your job is to
bring some profit to the company
your work has to be done on time even if
you got to bed late because your adopted
shelter dog was barking all night
if you think that you have some
privileges over others
because of your personal circumstances
then don't be surprised if you get
replaced by someone who doesn't always
have some excuse
no matter how admirable it is as to why
they were laid or didn't finish that
project before the deadline
number 10 your parents aren't always
right
as we grow up we stop treating our
parents words and actions
as an unquestionable truth at some point
we realize that moms and dads are just
ordinary people with their own flaws
bad habits and thoughts that aren't
always pure wisdom
plus you'll probably notice they can
make some mistakes too
but hey let's take some pressure off the
parents
try to be more understanding of them
they tried to do the best they could
and remember if you have kids they'll
eventually understand this about you
too number nine body positivity
doesn't mean the absence of self-care
of course there's nothing wrong with the
body positivity movement
it teaches us to treat other peoples
with respect regardless of their
appearance
and to feel comfortable in our own skin
instead of trying to achieve those
perfect
and most likely photoshop bodies you see
on social media and tv
but letting your body positivity
threaten your health
is never an option i could quote all
kinds of studies that link obesity with
heart disease
diabetes shorter life span and whatnot
but a quick internet search will give
you all the proof you need
love yourself but also take care of
yourself because your health and
well-being should always be priority
number one
you can eat healthy nutritious meals and
exercise without trying to achieve the
body of an instagram model
you can be the best version of yourself
and that's the real truth
speaking of looking your best
number eight appearance does matter
although they say you shouldn't the cold
hard fact is that people do
judge a book by its cover forbes
business insider
and tons of others quote the same
statistic you have seven seconds to make
a first impression
that doesn't sound like a lot of time
for people to get to know you
even if you have a rich inner world and
a heart of gold
if you look unkempt that's the
impression you'll make
both in your personal and professional
life so if you want to get a good job or
a second date
you have to accept the fact that your
appearance can either make or break your
chances
if you have an inappropriate outfit or
unkept hair
this person probably won't call you back
number seven friends will stop inviting
you out if you keep
flaking on them it's totally fine to
skip a get together with friends
if you prefer to enjoy the night in or
if you feel
too tired after a stressful work week
but if you keep flaking all the time
your friends will just assume that
you're not interested in hanging out
with them
and they'll stop inviting you i mean
if you have no time for them then why
should they bother
the good news is that you can fix this
situation if your friends have already
given up on you
show them that you actually care and
want to spend time with them
by planning your own outing and inviting
everyone to your get together
[Music]
number six no one will appreciate your
sacrifices
do you always take it upon yourself to
rescue anyone who's in trouble or needs
help
well that's very noble and generous of
you
but if you think that people will treat
you better because of this fact
then i got some bad news for you
you weren't obliged or asked to help
others so
why wait for something in return no one
actually needs your sacrifices
and more often than not people feel
awkward and even annoyed by such
obtrusiveness number five
you are defined by your own personal
choices
it's really that simple you're the only
person who's responsible for your
actions
or what kind of life you have if you
don't know french
that's because you didn't learn it if
your partner takes you for granted
that's because you left them it's no
one's fault that you didn't move to the
city you've always wanted
to live in or that you didn't build the
career of your dreams
but hey there's still time to turn it
around and start working towards your
goals
it's all up to you author george eliot
said
it's never too late to be what you might
have been
so decide and get to it
[Music]
number four there's always someone
better than you
yup understanding this one is one of the
biggest blows to your self-esteem
but it's impossible to ignore the fact
that there are people who are younger
smarter and better than you in this or
that aspect
getting old and seeing your face and
body change over time might upset you
but there's nothing else that can be
done about that except for welcoming
those changes with your head held high
remember you can be the best version of
yourself
not other people
number three guess what you're not the
center of the universe
hey another shocker here of course it's
part of human nature to think that
everything that happens around us has
something to do with
us your partner looks sad and doesn't
feel like talking much
so you immediately assume they're
getting ready to leave you
but slow down maybe your significant
other just had a bad day at work
or their favorite houseplant just died
or something
your boss still hasn't replied your
email with some work-related ideas
no it doesn't mean that those ideas are
trash
it's quite possible that your boss just
hasn't had enough time to get to it
speaking of bosses
number two you won't get a special prize
for overtime
has your boss ever overloaded you with
work that isn't exactly under your
responsibility most people react with
either
that's not my job or wow the boss really
trusts me and values my professional
skills
sorry to disappoint anyone in that
second group but it usually just happens
because your boss sees you as a
workhorse
[Music]
and since you never say no to working
extra hours
your boss starts thinking that you
actually enjoy these additional tasks
but my bet is that you don't really
so don't put yourself under such huge
pressure that doesn't do your mental or
physical health any good
and don't expect to be praised the way
your teachers did back in school
and number one a relationship isn't the
key
to happiness now don't get me wrong
relationships can be wonderful and
fulfilling
if you find the right person but before
you decide that you're ready to find
someone to share your life with
you should learn to be happy on your own
if you're not happy when you're single
you won't be happy in a relationship
healthy relationships need two assertive
grown-ups
who don't think that their partner has
to make them feel better all the time
besides
there's so much more to life than being
someone's other half
it's totally okay if you want to focus
on your career
bettering yourself traveling or
developing meaningful relationships
so what other unpleasant truths have you
met in your life
sound off in the comments below don't
forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
subscribe to always stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]